Client Software License Agreement of Cisco Systems

THE SOFTWARE TO WHICH YOU ARE REQUESTING ACCESS IS THE PROPERTY OF CISCO
SYSTEMS. THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE IS GOVERNED BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF
THE AGREEMENT SET FORTH BELOW. BY CLICKING "YES" ON THIS SCREEN, YOU INDICATE
THAT YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THAT AGREEMENT.
THEREFORE, PLEASE READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE CLICKING ON
"YES". IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE AGREEMENT, CLICK
"NO" ON THIS SCREEN, IN WHICH CASE YOU WILL BE DENIED ACCESS TO THE SOFTWARE.

Ownership of the Software
       
1. The software contained in the Cisco Systems VPN Client ("the Software"), to
which you are requesting access, is owned or licensed by Cisco Systems and is
protected by the United States copyright laws, laws of other nations, and/or
international treaties.

Grant of License

2. Cisco Systems hereby grants you the right to install and use the Software
on an unlimited number of computers, provided that each of those computers
must use the Software only to connect to Cisco Systems products, and subject
to export restrictions in Paragraph 4 hereof. You may make one copy of the
Software for each such computer for the purpose of installing the Software on
that computer. The Software is licensed for use only with Cisco Systems
products, and for no other use.

Restrictions on Use and Transfer

3. You may also make one copy of the Software solely for backup and archival
purposes. To this end, you may transfer the Software to a single set of disks
provided you keep the disks solely for backup or archival purposes. You may
not use the backup or archival copy of the Software except in conjunction with
Cisco Systems products.

4. You may copy and distribute the Software to your third party business
partners and customers solely and exclusively for the purposes of accessing
your Cisco VPN concentrators and thereby gaining remote access to your secure
network. Each such distribution of the Software to a third party must be
accompanied by a copy of this Client Software License Agreement. You may not
copy or transfer the Software for any purpose, other than as specified in this
Agreement, without the express written consent of Cisco. Without intending to
limit the foregoing, you shall not post or otherwise make publicly available
the Software to any external web site, file server, or other location to which
there is unrestricted access.

5. Cisco Systems will not provide end-user support (including Technical
Assistance or TAC support) to any third party that receives the Software in
accordance with Section 4 hereof. You shall be responsible for providing all
support to each such third party. For permitted transfers, you may not export
the Software to any country for which the United States requires any export
license or other governmental approval at the time of export without first
obtaining the requisite license and/or approval. Furthermore, you may not
export the Software in violation of any export control laws of the United
States or any other country. (For reference purpose only, see the Cisco
Encryption Tool Quick Reference Guide currently located at
http://www.cisco.com/wwl/export/crypto/tool/stqrg.html.)

6. You may not modify, translate, decompile, disassemble, use for any
competitive analysis, reverse engineer, distribute, or create derivative works
from, the Software or any accompanying documentation or copy thereof, in whole
or in part.

7. The subject license will terminate immediately if you do not comply with
any and all of the terms and conditions set forth herein. Upon termination for
any reason, you (the licensee) must immediately destroy the Software, any
accompanying documentation, and all copies thereof in your possession. You
must also use commercially reasonable efforts to notify the third parties to
whom you have distributed the Software that their rights of access and use of
the Software have also ceased. Cisco Systems is not liable to you for damages
in any form solely by reason of termination of this license.

8. You may not remove or alter any copyright, trade secret, patent, trademark,
trade name, logo, product designation or other proprietary and/or other legal
notices contained in or on the Software and any accompanying documentation.
These legal notices must be retained on any copies of the Software and
accompanying documentation made pursuant to paragraphs 2 through 4 hereof.

9. You shall acquire no rights of any kind to any copyright, trade secret,
patent, trademark, trade name, logo, or product designation contained in, or
relating to, the Software or accompanying documentation and shall not make use
thereof except as expressly authorized herein or otherwise authorized in
writing by Cisco Systems.

Limitation of Liabilities

10. INSTALLATION AND USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS ALSO GOVERNED BY A SEPARATE
LICENSE AGREEMENT BETWEEN CISCO SYSTEMS AND THE PURCHASER OF THE CISCO SYSTEMS
VPN CLIENT PRODUCT. THAT SEPARATE LICENSE CONTAINS A DESCRIPTION OF ALL
WARRANTIES PROVIDED BY CISCO SYSTEMS FOR THE SOFTWARE. CISCO SYSTEMS PROVIDES
NO WARRANTIES FOR THE SOFTWARE OTHER THAN THOSE SET FORTH IN THAT AGREEMENT,
AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITIES WITH RESPECT TO USE OF THE SOFTWARE BY YOU OR ANY
THIRD PARTY.


